README.md, before:

# [ultimate-hands-on-hadoop](https://github.com/murshidazher/ultimate-hands-on-hadoop)

> Hadoop with HDFS, YARN, MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Spark, Flink and more...

- This repository contains all the data, setup and execution scripts used during the coursework on [Udemy - The Ultimate Hands on hadoop Tame your Big data](https://www.udemy.com/the-ultimate-hands-on-hadoop-tame-your-big-data/)
- Requires Hortonworks Sandbox 2.6.5, for docker script to run locally look into this [repo](https://github.com/murshidazher/hdp-docker-sandbox).
- If you need terraform script to setup an sandbox environment in AWS, look into this [repo](https://github.com/murshidazher/terraform-hdp).

## Table of Contents

- [ultimate-hands-on-hadoop](#ultimate-hands-on-hadoop)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Core](#core)
    - [Querying](#querying)
    - [Ingestion](#ingestion)
    - [NoSQL Databases](#nosql-databases)
    - [Streaming](#streaming)
    - [Notebooks and Visualization](#notebooks-and-visualization)
    - [Other](#other)
  - [License](#license)

## Tech Stack

### Core

- [x] Introduction to the Hadoop Eco-system
- [x] YARN
- [x] HDFS
- [x] MapReduce
- [x] Pig
- [x] Spark
- [x] Hive
- [ ] Tez
- [ ] Mesos
- [ ] Zookeeper
- [ ] Oozie

### Querying

- [ ] Apache Drill
- [ ] Apache Phoenix
- [ ] Presto

### Ingestion

- [ ] Sqoop
- [ ] Kafka
- [ ] Flume

### NoSQL Databases

- [x] HBase
- [x] Cassandra
- [ ] MongoDB

### Streaming

- [ ] Spark Streaming
- [ ] Storm
- [ ] Flink

### Notebooks and Visualization

- [ ] Apache Zepplin
- [ ] Apache Superset

### Other

- [ ] Impala
- [ ] Accumulo
- [ ] Redis
- [ ] Ignite
- [ ] Elasticsearch
- [ ] Kinesis
- [ ] Apache NiFi
- [ ] Falcon
- [ ] Apache Slider

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE) © Murshid Azher.

Commit message:

:books: docs: add quick nav

README.md, after:

# [ultimate-hands-on-hadoop](https://github.com/murshidazher/ultimate-hands-on-hadoop)

> Hadoop with HDFS, YARN, MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Spark, Flink and more...

- This repository contains all the data, setup and execution scripts used during the coursework on [Udemy - The Ultimate Hands on hadoop Tame your Big data](https://www.udemy.com/the-ultimate-hands-on-hadoop-tame-your-big-data/)
- Requires Hortonworks Sandbox 2.6.5, for docker script to run locally look into this [repo](https://github.com/murshidazher/hdp-docker-sandbox).
- If you need terraform script to setup an sandbox environment in AWS, look into this [repo](https://github.com/murshidazher/terraform-hdp).

## Table of Contents

- [ultimate-hands-on-hadoop](#ultimate-hands-on-hadoop)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Quick Navigation by Technology](#quick-navigation-by-technology)
  - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Core](#core)
    - [Querying](#querying)
    - [Ingestion](#ingestion)
    - [NoSQL Databases](#nosql-databases)
    - [Streaming](#streaming)
    - [Notebooks and Visualization](#notebooks-and-visualization)
    - [Other](#other)
  - [License](#license)

## Quick Navigation by Technology

- [Hive and ml-100k](./section-01)
- [MR using Python](./section-02)
- [PigLatin and Pig](./section-03)
- [Spark](./section-04)

## Tech Stack

### Core

- [x] Introduction to the Hadoop Eco-system
- [x] YARN
- [x] HDFS
- [x] MapReduce
- [x] Pig
- [x] Spark
- [x] Hive
- [ ] Tez
- [ ] Mesos
- [ ] Zookeeper
- [ ] Oozie

### Querying

- [ ] Apache Drill
- [ ] Apache Phoenix
- [ ] Presto

### Ingestion

- [ ] Sqoop
- [ ] Kafka
- [ ] Flume

### NoSQL Databases

- [x] HBase
- [x] Cassandra
- [ ] MongoDB

### Streaming

- [ ] Spark Streaming
- [ ] Storm
- [ ] Flink

### Notebooks and Visualization

- [ ] Apache Zepplin
- [ ] Apache Superset

### Other

- [ ] Impala
- [ ] Accumulo
- [ ] Redis
- [ ] Ignite
- [ ] Elasticsearch
- [ ] Kinesis
- [ ] Apache NiFi
- [ ] Falcon
- [ ] Apache Slider

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE) © Murshid Azher.
